Summary
	Apicomplexa is a phylum synonymous with obligate parasitism, containing several species of significance for human health, including Plasmodium, Toxoplasma, and Cryptosporidium. Though this phylum was previously known to be universally parasitic, genus Nephromyces reportedly engages in a mutualistic relationship with its host ascidians in the Mogula family, as evidenced by its virtual 100% infection rate. Sister taxa Cardiosporidium also hosts in ascidians, but is still considered by the current literature to be parasitic. Nephromyces only occurs in multispecies infections with up to 26 species per host, whereas genus Cardiosporidium contains only a single species. Both these taxa are also known to host bacterial endosymbionts. The phylogeny suggests Nephromyces did not simply retain the genes required to maintain the status of a mutualist, but in fact regained them. The reversal of parasitism is extremely uncommon, and the focus of our research into gaining insight into how such a lifestyle transition occurred. These unique genuses are close enough to provide a strong basis for comparison to highlight the genomic differences that have led to the reversal of parasitism in genus Nephromyces.
Goals include:
To assemble high likelihood transcriptomes from each genus and differentiate both host and bacterial sequences from the final assembly
To compare the differences between these two species 

Data Description
	Nephromyces
		Lab grown 4 species “isolate” sample - single individual  
		Illumina HiSeq paired end RNA 
		1 lane, split 7 libraries
		
	Cardiosporidium - 25% sucrose gradient sample 
		Locally collected individuals - multiple individuals 
		Illumina HiSeq paired end RNA 
		1 lane, split 3 libraries 
		230,155,470 raw sequences 
    
Analysis
Assembly:
Quality check - fastq 	
	Trimming - trimmomatic 
Assembly - trinity 
	Binning - sort by taxonomy (blast to refseq), re-map reads to sorted assemblies 
Comparison:
	SNPs? Or….
	pamL 
	Interpro/KEGG analysis of functional pathway differences
	Ortholog calling
	
